Generate the packer template internally, instead of with Jinja2 (#66)
taskcluster/monopacker: TEMPLATING.md

The following is a "top-down" description of how Monpacker operates.
The "bottom" is where most of the interesting stuff occurs, so read on!

**Warning** some words here have multiple meanings!
 * *template* - We use Jinja2 templates (textually substituting things like `{{..}}`) as well as a Packer template (which is just what Packer calls its input data)
 * *builder* - Monpacker defines Monopacker builders that map loosely to Packer builders, but also specify scripts that are included in Packer provisioners.

## Packer Template

At the top level, monopacker builds a "Packer template", which is the input to the Packer executable.
The Packer docs explain in detail the contents of this file.

> In this Pacekr template, each Monpacker builder defined in `builders/` is included as a Packer builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this Packer template, each Monopacker builder defined in `builders/` is included as a Packer builder.
```
